Wang Shao, didn't you say
Did you win the tens of billions of orders for us?
Go and beg President Su
How can I have the patience?
You are the one who placed tens of billions of orders.
Mr. Su
From today onwards, don't fire
And the whole industry is banned.
President Su, you, you, please forgive me
It's all this Chen Meixiao's fault
I saw him take tens of billions of orders.
So so he
I would never dare to offend you.
Mr. Su, please forgive me
Are you waiting for me to do it myself?
Mr. Du spared me
So fast
Daughter, go and see Li Xuan
Dad must give it to us
Luo Mixuan
You are stupid, your sister
I see Mr. Su talking to you first now
The way you obey
You just divorced him
He still has feelings for you
Go and see him
What? Ask him.
How badly did he hurt his brother?
Are you stupid? Can your brother compare with the hero princess?
I, Su Xueyin, will put him here today.
Li Xuan, the person I like
In the future, anyone who dares to anger him
No matter who
I will use all my financial resources
Power blocked him to death
Brother Xuan, read a book now
Now.
I'll give it to you.
Do the math for our family